well I had either internet people it's
Bo again and today we're going to talk
about Henry David Thoreau
why because 172 years ago today he
walked out of Walden Pond a rejoin
society if you've heard of him that's
probably why he probably had to read
Walden in high school so if the name is
ringing a bell
that's why but who was he he was a
Harvard educated man who just rejected
all normal careers he was like not gonna
do it not gonna conform he met a guy and
made friends with a guy named Ralph
Waldo Emerson who was a
transcendentalist it's kind of a weird
Americanization of Buddhism it
emphasized the spiritual over the
material
Emerson owned land near this pond Walden
and he let Thoreau build a cabin there
and Thoreau went there and lived alone
he wanted to live deliberately he wanted
to make sure he lived before he died his
what it boiled down to while he was
there he rejected materialism he worked
one day a week and strived for
self-reliance in every way shape and
form he felt that it was a journey of
self-discovery and along the way he
decided the technology didn't make you
happy and that company friends social
interactions we're normally just used to
fill holes and ourselves holes in our
souls holes in our inner being look at
our relationship with social media today
that might be true while he was out
there he learned to appreciate the
environment found that nature itself was
spiritual realized that man was a part
of nature rather than being apart from
it
it's a very interesting guy and people
know him because of Walden however I
want you to picture President utterly
obnoxious a bigot wanting to assert his
dominance over Mexico
I'm not talk about Trump I'm talking
about James Cape Hulk the RO hated him
and he wrote an essay called civil
disobedience and it was about that
administration really the RO was the
first hashtag resistance civil
disobedience was published in eighteen
forty nine seven nine eighteen forty
nine check it highlighted peaceful means
nonviolent means of disrupting a bad
administration and it questioned the
nature of what it meant to be a good
citizen this forty page essay influenced
Gandhi sophie scholl of the White Rose
Society Martin Luther King pretty
impressive list and it's sorely an
unknown I mean it's not known as well as
it should be
I don't think but the heart of the
question asked is what does it mean to
be a good citizen and what should a good
citizen do when confronted with a
government like that
he suggested that true patriots follow
reason and their own conscience
he he'll have gone to president or jail
because he didn't pay his taxes he was
like I'm not gonna pay for slave patrols
I'm not dealing it so line up in jail he
wasn't ashamed of it he said under a
government that under a government which
imposes any unjustly the true place for
a just man is prison very wise guy civil
disobedience is you can download it for
free Google comes in a PDF format you
should read it I think I don't do book
recommendations very often but this is
only 40 pages or so and it's worth it
even if you don't agree with it it's
worth it
one of the things that has always kind
of stuck with me about it was that when
confronted with in a government that is
behaving in morally he said that a man
cannot without disgrace associate with
it anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night